firehose-client/README.md, before:

# Firehose Ethereum Rust Client

## gRPC Endpoints

### Env Vars

Use environment variables to provide Firehose Ethereum and Firehose Beacon providers of
your choice.

To do so, place a `.env` file in the root of this crate, alongside this `README.md`. 
Your `.env` file should look like something this, depending on your requirements:

```shell
FIREHOSE_ETHEREUM_URL=https://firehose-ethereum.tail15dec.ts.net
FIREHOSE_ETHEREUM_PORT=80
FIREHOSE_BEACON_URL=https://eth-cl.firehose.pinax.network
FIREHOSE_BEACON_PORT=443
BEACON_API_KEY=<YOUR-API-KEY>
ETHEREUM_API_KEY=<YOUR-API-KEY>
```

## firehose-ethereum Execution Layer gRPC

### proto files

We use the following protobuffers developed by Streamingfast via our
[`semiotic-ai/sf-protos` crate](https://github.com/semiotic-ai/sf-protos):

- [`streamingfast/proto/sf/firehose/v2/firehose.proto`](https://github.com/streamingfast/proto/blob/develop/sf/firehose/v2/firehose.proto)
- [`streamingfast/firehose-ethereum/proto/sf/ethereum/type/v2/type.proto`](https://github.com/streamingfast/firehose-ethereum/blob/335607aac766f9f3c6946d8b1ad3c8e36ab70930/proto/sf/ethereum/type/v2/type.proto)

See
[`streamingfast/substreams-ethereum`](https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams-ethereum/blob/c925dfa58675c4284884b3fdec9c2b3c4047ce7c/core/src/pb/generated.rs)
for more on how Streamingfast use these protobuffers.

### gRPC service examples

```terminal
grpcurl -plaintext <your-grpc-service>:<port> describe

grpc.health.v1.Health is a service:
service Health {
  rpc Check ( .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckRequest ) returns ( .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckResponse );
  rpc Watch ( .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckRequest ) returns ( stream .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckResponse );
}
grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflection is a service:
service ServerReflection {
  rpc ServerReflectionInfo ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflectionRequest ) returns ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflectionResponse );
}
grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflection is a service:
service ServerReflection {
  rpc ServerReflectionInfo ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflectionRequest ) returns ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflectionResponse );
}
sf.firehose.v1.Stream is a service:
service Stream {
  rpc Blocks ( .sf.firehose.v1.Request ) returns ( stream .sf.firehose.v1.Response );
}
sf.firehose.v2.Fetch is a service:
service Fetch {
  rpc Block ( .sf.firehose.v2.SingleBlockRequest ) returns ( .sf.firehose.v2.SingleBlockResponse );
}
sf.firehose.v2.Stream is a service:
service Stream {
  rpc Blocks ( .sf.firehose.v2.Request ) returns ( stream .sf.firehose.v2.Response );
}
```

Commit message:

docs(firehose-protos): document protos

firehose-client/README.md, after:

# Firehose Ethereum Rust Client

## gRPC Endpoints

### Env Vars

Use environment variables to provide Firehose Ethereum and Firehose Beacon providers of
your choice.

To do so, place a `.env` file in the root of this crate, alongside this `README.md`. 
Your `.env` file should look like something this, depending on your requirements:

```shell
FIREHOSE_ETHEREUM_URL=https://firehose-ethereum.tail15dec.ts.net
FIREHOSE_ETHEREUM_PORT=80
FIREHOSE_BEACON_URL=https://eth-cl.firehose.pinax.network
FIREHOSE_BEACON_PORT=443
BEACON_API_KEY=<YOUR-API-KEY>
ETHEREUM_API_KEY=<YOUR-API-KEY>
```

## firehose-ethereum Execution Layer gRPC

### proto files

We use the following protobuffers developed by Streamingfast via our
[`firehose-protos` crate](./../firehose-protos/README.md):

See the [`firehose-protos` docs](./../firehose-protos/README.md) for information
on these protobuffers and links to the different repos that they've come from.

### gRPC service examples

Below is the description output for the Firehose gRPC server using `grpcurl`.

```terminal
grpcurl -plaintext <your-grpc-service>:<port> describe

grpc.health.v1.Health is a service:
service Health {
  rpc Check ( .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckRequest ) returns ( .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckResponse );
  rpc Watch ( .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckRequest ) returns ( stream .grpc.health.v1.HealthCheckResponse );
}
grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflection is a service:
service ServerReflection {
  rpc ServerReflectionInfo ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflectionRequest ) returns ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1.ServerReflectionResponse );
}
grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflection is a service:
service ServerReflection {
  rpc ServerReflectionInfo ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflectionRequest ) returns ( stream .grpc.reflection.v1alpha.ServerReflectionResponse );
}
sf.firehose.v1.Stream is a service:
service Stream {
  rpc Blocks ( .sf.firehose.v1.Request ) returns ( stream .sf.firehose.v1.Response );
}
sf.firehose.v2.Fetch is a service:
service Fetch {
  rpc Block ( .sf.firehose.v2.SingleBlockRequest ) returns ( .sf.firehose.v2.SingleBlockResponse );
}
sf.firehose.v2.Stream is a service:
service Stream {
  rpc Blocks ( .sf.firehose.v2.Request ) returns ( stream .sf.firehose.v2.Response );
}
```
